Title: Downloading Update to Update Requires Restart loop. 
Environment: PlayStation 4 – PlayStation Network
		Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 
Version: Update 1.08
Reported by: Hanny Abdullah 
Date: 11/19/2019

Steps to reproduce: 

1. Startup App 
2. Enter multiplayer screen
3. Enter online profile (connecting to online services) 
4. Downloading update screen 
5. Download complete; press x to restart (update requires restart) 
6. Enter online profile. (Steps 3 – 5 are done in a loop) 


Expected result: 

	Steps 1 – 5 would occur as usually once. Once the application recognizes that you have the latest update, 
	it will load as usual instead of asking to download the update. 

Actual result: 

	The application repeats the entering of the online profile which then proceeds to ask you to download the update. 
	Update downloads in the application (~15 second download), then says the update requires restart. Once it restarts 
	the app it says download successful and press X to return to the menu. 


Proposal: 

I believe this issue arises from the application not recognizing that the latest update is already installed. In my 
application, I experienced this bug, however from the people I know who also downloaded this application, they did not 
experience this error. I tried getting into contact with Activision support via there twitter support page, however they were
not able to respond to me until almost 6 weeks later. Restarting the PlayStation didn’t work, and neither did restarting the 
application. I also attempted to delete any saved data on this application, believing the bug would be resolved that way, with
no luck. I knew that uninstalling the application and reinstalling would work, however this required me to download almost 
60 GB which took almost 10 hours. Reinstalling worked however this was a very inefficient and untimely fix. 


Background: 

	I had trouble thinking of any bugs I have come into recently with any phone applications or any applications while 
	using my laptop. I remember this bug because it had frustrated me at that time and I remember trying to get into 
	contact with Activision support. 


